{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Q5: Better Evaluation Function\
B03901191 Fu-Hsuan Liu\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
In this function, I add a concept of 
\b weight of factors
\b0 , in order to  make a different-standard of \'93score system\'94.\
Since there are mainly 4 factor that I would like to taken into consideration:\
They are scared ghosts, distance form the food, state of scores, and food numbers, respectively.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ghosts:
\b0  eat a white ghost can increase the score, while if we are eaten by a scared ghost then the game will be loss. Since loss always minus our score greatly, which leads us to a mach lower score than win case, we must avoid the probability of loss. Therefore, I set the weight for ghost highest.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}
\b Foods: 
\b0 eating foods will increase the points. Eat a food only get 1 point, while only 1 move can eat one. We also need to consider how much food are there near the current one, and the number of food remaining.\
{\listtext	3.	}
\b FoodDistance: 
\b0 It\'92s an important factor, if we want to eat only a food, but the distance is large, that\'92s not cost-efficient. Hence this factor is my second high value of weight. I hope that it can make the pacman eat the nearest food instead of a far one.\
{\listtext	4.	}
\b Score: 
\b0 just record the succesorGameState.getScore(), whether the score of this state is bad or not. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
After I modify the weight of these factors, I found that the running time has been longer, but I successfully get higher score with Ok. Win rate.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
}